Yiheng (#1904)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/110-java/content/107-testing-java-apps/107-jmeter.md

> # Jmeter
> Jmeter,or Apache JMeter is a pure Java open source software designed to load test functional behavior and measure performance. Apache JMeter features include
> - Web
> - SOAP Webservies
> - FTP
> - Database via JDBC
> - LDAP
> - Message-oriented middleware via JMS
> - Mail
> - Native commands or shell scripts
> - Java Objects
> - TCP
> 
> <ReferenceGroupTitle>Reference Resource</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeTest='Official Website' href='https://jmeter.apache.org/'>Apache JMeter Website</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# JMeter

Apache JMeter is an Apache project that can be used as a load testing tool for analyzing and measuring the performance of a variety of services, with a focus on web applications.

<ReferenceGroupTitle>Reference Resource</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeTest='Official Website' href='https://jmeter.apache.org/'>Apache JMeter Website</BadgeLink>
```
